hello everyone and welcome to the ipfs
weekly call today we are set up is going
to be slightly different we usually have
one person talk and question answers at
the end of the talk but today we'll have
show-and-tell
so show-and-tell I have placed in a link
so put not only will you put in your
name but please put in the presentation
that you would like to present and it
doesn't have to be formal so put not
only sorry that's YouTube making sure
streams in terms of what you can talk
about during this five minute period you
could talk about projects that you're
working on features that you are
building community and meetup updates so
if you are holding a meet-up in your
city please let us know um and if you're
working on something and have any
questions you can also I'll put that in
as well so let's see what we have so far
in terms of signing up for a talk you
can put your talk underneath like agenda
so in agenda you will put your name and
you will put your project or feature or
community update so what I'll do is I'll
give people about five minutes to think
about what they'd like to present and
around and five minutes later we will
begin
the hello once again what we're doing is
show-and-tell for today so call up some
people who are part of the call they
have a chance to introduce what they're
working on features their building or
community tasks that they're presenting
so seems like we have two people who are
presenting and the presentations will be
no more than like five minutes and
they're very informal
there's this fantastic feature of
bulleted lists in Google Docs where I
was haven't now if adding a few bullets
are trying to at least one below me so
we avoid the collision war the list
collision part where bullets fly so kind
I make use of your additional bullets
but I was a bullet I was a bullet leech
I just consumed the bullet pay forward
I'm gonna having some bullet issues all
right
solved for now very manual solution but
solved
okay one more minute and then we will
start
okay let's begin so before we start the
show and tell but lightning talks that
will see today will be presented by Jim
pick Jay carpenter D entry am i
pronouncing your name correctly
Dietrich Dietrich Dietrich and Holly so
we'll begin up and light up and see so
how many talks we had one two three one
two three four five all right so what I
didn't mention the beginning we have
time for my three talks tops however if
we have more than three talks what we
can what we will do is
the suspense is killing me the happy
emoji our thumbs up emoji I think I
certainly missed the crucial middle
section of the what we're gonna do
portion meant vote vote using sums up
emoji
yes that was a networking law so you can
vote using a thumbs up emoji and you can
pick which talk you would like to hear
can can your paste a thumbs up emoji so
you can copy oh yes I'm actually having
problems with the thumbs up as well so
uh why don't we put an X I got you
there's a thumbs up you can clap yeah
it's you can't for some reason use the
Apple emoji keyboard in Google Docs
because I've complained about it and
they won't listen to me but you can use
it in slack so yeah the only problem I
actually have with the of Apple emojis
is of Google Docs you can choose insert
special character and then you have to
choose emoji as a category from the
drop-down it's extremely tedious this is
this is the whole content of that unit
to the okay that's weekly for anonymous
Python
I think I think we should we should just
stop with Yemen and come back to this
voting SDK - okay it sounds like a sound
suggestion and looks like Jim is getting
a lot of the votes away so uh yes why
don't we start with um so we have Jim
but it looks like we have Dietrich Ali
and Lydell they each have four so if you
want to be so if you want to like be a
part of the tiebreaking process that'd
be great
I think we should hear from Jay he's
turned up to the cool I mean I would I
wouldn't remove my name from the list if
they came to that scenario okay
um we'll figure this out after Jim
presents so why don't you start off the
presentations and Jim are you ready all
right yep awesome try to keep this one
under it really quick so this is chrome
this is the the shipping version and
they've introduced a new feature which
I'm going to use so here's the demo hey
it works so but there's magic here
because this index that Jim or in your
index - Jim picked up your festive music
said Amy does not actually exist
yeah on HTTP even though it says it yes
this is fully loaded over IP FS
specifically the IP of escaping so it's
it can do this because Google is
experimenting with the feature called
here called signed HTTP exchanges and
this big long article here you can read
about it it's primarily being used by
Google a MP right now and it's a way for
publishers say like Washington Post to
put out a news article for Google News
but they can cryptographically sign this
article and put it on Google CDN and
then Chrome is
not to see this SSL signature that's
been wrapped around the content and then
when it loads it into the web browser it
will well lie and say that it got it
from Washington Post when actually it
got it from the Google Google EMP cache
which is a CDN so we're doing the same
thing here except we're getting it from
ipfs and you know I could the content
myself so I've loaded a few different
sites up here things would be all load
you have to specifically publish these
sites though because it needs to
generate these signed HTTP exchanges so
just just I've created a little service
it's a lot of work that you have to get
certificates and all sorts of things I
went and bought a door I have a domain
name short domain name and then I bought
a wild card SSL certificate with a
special flag and I built a little
service that runs on docker that you can
log in with your github account and you
can do like use it test or just I'll to
say like this weekly I'm going to
quickly make a website here get the CID
for the website put that in there
publish it it's yeah and it build but
then the white tailed actually
probably
interesting
okay well mr. Mosely just praising their
work but what it would normally do would
be publish it and then you'd be able to
click on it and it does this because I
have an extension that will see that I'm
going to this non-existent website and
it will redirect and look these sign
exchanges so that's it for me I put a
link beside it you can follow along it's
very much a work in progress and where
we're enhancing it as we go along and
here's the web page to do there so I'll
finish my talk next person can go
I just tried Jim's demo a few minutes
ago on the ipfs office hours and was
able to publish and retrieve the ipfs
web UI over ipfs and fire SXG sound
exchanges so my user agent politely lied
to me about the source of the thing gave
me a cool URL instead of at just a hash
so I can now it can work thank you very
much
all right let's move oh I think I know
thumbs up I don't say do you want to
move quickly to the other talks and
let's see let's go the next talk is from
Jay Jay carpenter can you do you mind
presenting sure thank you
I'll make it real quick because I just
kind of jumped in I you know people
weren't jumping in so I thought I'd
throw something out there basically
let's see how do I present here the
bottom the share icon which is green
sure okay great and let's see well I'm
gonna just go real quick and just say
that we've been working on some things
here in Feeny
for document management particularly in
the legal realm and we rift off of a
blog post by coral health showing how
you can use IKEA fests and a
peer-to-peer fashion using lid p2p to
load encrypted files and so a team of us
here in Phoenix use that for legal
documents and we actually won the global
legal hackathon through ASU law school
and anyway I just wanted everybody to
know that we've got a very vibrant
community that that are exploring ipfs
led p2p all the the modules of protocol
labs and I run a community called desert
blockchain we've got about 1,800 members
and it's it's a regular occurrence that
we're exploring ipfs and some of the
other constructs so I'll leave it at
that and let somebody else present thank
you thank you um before we go off to to
the other person do you mind putting a
link of your project and also a link of
desert blockchain be sure many of us are
very interested in checking it out thank
you today all right thumbs up let's go
on to the next one then that let's see
let's go with D etre hey everybody happy
Monday I have a little show-and-tell
it's just a little change that I made to
a website you might already know about
which is the public IP FS and gateway
checker
this is a list of public IP FS gateways
and they're on an offline status I was
kind of curious about general gateway
health I was having some gateway timeout
issues and this came up while I was
doing google searching is really really
interesting resource kind of a cool view
of just how big the public gateway space
is there are 40 gateways listed here I
don't know if
some of these are finding ones have been
offline for a long time or not or I
don't really know who keeps this list
updated int acted in place I see it in
Jamie is on the call who reviewed my
little PR they'll talk about them second
manner thank you
so what I did is I added a little
timeout checker or I guess more like a
requested duration checker so every time
I noticed it in the source code for this
it actually makes a request to the
Gateway for a piece of content and see
how checks whether it's online or not by
making that request and see if the
request is fulfilled so I just added a
little duration count measuring the ten
requests took to complete and added that
to the Gateway list here so you can see
the how exactly how long so he's
gateways are taking some of the ones
lower on the list were taking a long
time last week but all these times are
under half a second right now which is
actually pretty pretty fantastic notice
that is really good for a bunch of
public resources that we don't really
Rev and but I guess we probably know
some of these people in the community
but a lot of these are new to me so it's
kind of cool tool to learn more about
the broader public infrastructure by PFS
thanks awesome thank you very much yeah
yeah we're gonna actually for the next
meetup meetings we're going to clock
towards the end when everyone's finished
so we can quickly move on to the
different presentations let's see we
have time for another one and let's hear
from Holly hello
Lanisha let me shameless Gris I'm gonna
tell you about a little thing that I
worked on in the background last week
basically I noticed that all of our J s
tests rely on releasing go ipfs Depp
to NPM so that we can test against so we
do test against Jessica this of course
but it's nice to also test things like
the HTTP client against go ipfs as well
to make that easier there is there's a
tool that lets you add go I give us
depth to your NPM dependencies and what
it will do is during npm install they
were to scoff and fetch the version of
goa cadets that matches the version of
the npm module that even storage so if
you install go i'll give a step at 4.20
one it will go and get pulled up 21 from
disk type in SEO which is very cool but
there's and some implicit at me yeah as
soon as you go i DFS releases any
release somebody has to remember to go
and release go out that's death so what
did was I've been exploring get her
passions for our continuous integration
and continuous deployment of websites so
I thought I would take what I had
learned and apply it Indian modules so
this always if I go like the best death
is a fork of the real go up in step
because I wanted to a sanity check it
first
and since something in the chat please
them shout if you wanna minorities I
want his sons check it first so this has
been forked under my NPM username space
so I can try it out before I inflict it
on the world but basically what you're
seeing here is the NPM release page for
ode up for 21 which was generated by a
robot it was generated by a robot that
is basically this gift of action the
moment he backed the disk taurog the
best our website was updated with the
gold leaf s ODOT 4.21 release within
within an hour this is running on a
schedule this getting of action occurred
it checked it found that there was a
newer one than the ambien version and
then it built and tested and versioned
it and it published it on NPM and then
at some point later on this PR I got a
little information that had been a
command apparently by me it wasn't
really by me acting it was done by the
robot and the package was released so
now now that's the thing so I just need
some person to sanity check my bash
scripts but otherwise it's it's good to
go and now those two things will always
be in sync the extension for this piece
of work is to to have it published
release candidates as well as stable
releases and use the right MDM
next or loads its distribution tanks so
that we can install release candidates
they're not lists and a quick shout out
version of I profess desktop is about
the land and there is a beta release on
your friendly neighborhood activist
desktop repo now and you should come to
the I profess office hours the office
hours isn't every week just before this
cool and you should come to that and
that is me thank you very much hmm we
have time for one more so I don't want
pronouncing your name correctly I'm not
sure I pronounce your like you're
handing those perfect okay so we are
working on embedding just ipfs in brave
so there's like an issue I linked if
anyone is interested in tracking it and
the work is in progress
to have an embedded as duplicate way so
you don't need to run any external
software so that works in a way this is
using my external go ipfs but I can
switch to a but note
and now what's happening is embedded
note started and is running I gave that
demo before not in case anyone missed it
it's in one of previous calls what's
interesting is now that you download
brave nightly from break website and you
start it you go to settings and you
scroll Scroll scroll Scroll scroll down
you can see that brave comes out of the
box with support for web torrent plugin
for hangouts and what is this is that
ipfs companion hmm okay
all right so that's my demo awesome
thank you very much
so it's still working progress there's
one click install installs the same
version that is available on Chrome Web
Store and that version does not have
embedded gateway yet you still need to
run ipfs desktop go install a profess
desktop it's really great but we are
going to have an alternative for people
who don't want to install a third party
shell software there will be an option
to use embedded note that should give
you more or less feature parity so yeah
ok well that concludes our show-and-tell
for today thank you everyone for
participating and for listening and we
plan on doing a show-and-tell
on a monthly basis it's a great way for
us to see what everyone is building and
working on so um we'll end it here thank
you very much and I will see everyone
next Monday have a great week take care